README.rst, before:

baxter_examples
===============

Example SDK usage for the Baxter Research Robot from Rethink Robotics

Code & Tickets
--------------

+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+
| Documentation   | http://sdk.rethinkrobotics.com/wiki                            |
+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+
| Issues          | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_examples/issues      |
+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+
| Contributions   | http://sdk.rethinkrobotics.com/wiki/Contributions              |
+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+

baxter_examples Repository Overview
-----------------------------------

::

     .
     |
     +-- scripts/                                  example program executables
     |   +-- analog_io_rampup.py
     |   +-- digital_io_blink.py
     |   +-- gripper_action_client.py
     |   +-- gripper_cuff_control.py
     |   +-- gripper_joystick.py
     |   +-- gripper_keyboard.py
     |   +-- head_action_client.py
     |   +-- head_wobbler.py
     |   +-- ik_service_client.py
     |   +-- joint_position_file_playback.py
     |   +-- joint_position_joystick.py
     |   +-- joint_position_keyboard.py
     |   +-- joint_position_waypoints.py
     |   +-- joint_recorder.py
     |   +-- joint_torque_springs.py
     |   +-- joint_trajectory_client.py
     |   +-- joint_trajectory_file_playback.py
     |   +-- joint_velocity_puppet.py
     |   +-- joint_velocity_wobbler.py
     |   +-- navigator_io.py
     |   +-- send_urdf_fragment.py
     |   +-- xdisplay_image.py
     |
     +-- launch/                                   example program launch scripts
     |   +-- gripper_action_client.launch
     |   +-- gripper_joystick.launch
     |   +-- joint_position_joystick.launch
     |   +-- joint_trajectory_client.launch
     |   +-- joint_trajectory_file_playback.launch
     |
     +-- src/                                      baxter_examples api
     |   +-- baxter_examples/                      example classes
     |   +-- baxter_external_devices/              external device classes
     |
     +-- share/                                    shared example program resources
     |
     +-- cfg/                                      dynamic reconfigure example configs


Other Baxter Repositories
-------------------------

+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter           | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter           |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_interface | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_interface |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_tools     | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_tools     |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_common    | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_common    |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

Latest Release Information
--------------------------

http://sdk.rethinkrobotics.com/wiki/Release-Changes

Commit message:

more refactoring for ros noetic/python 3

README.rst, after:

baxter_examples ROS Noetic fork
===============================

This is a ROS Noetic/Python3 compatible fork of the baxter_examples repository. Other ROS Noetic compatible Baxter packages can be found here:


+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_interface | https://github.com/maymohan/baxter                  |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_tools     | https://github.com/maymohan/baxter_interface        |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_common    | https://github.com/maymohan/baxter_tools            |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_examples  | https://github.com/maymohan/baxter_common           |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_pykdl     | https://github.com/maymohan/baxter_pykdl            |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_simulator | https://github.com/maymohan/baxter_simulator        |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

Details of the original repositories are below.

baxter_examples
---------------

Example SDK usage for the Baxter Research Robot from Rethink Robotics

Code & Tickets
--------------

+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+
| Documentation   | http://sdk.rethinkrobotics.com/wiki                            |
+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+
| Issues          | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_examples/issues      |
+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+
| Contributions   | http://sdk.rethinkrobotics.com/wiki/Contributions              |
+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+

baxter_examples Repository Overview
-----------------------------------

::

     .
     |
     +-- scripts/                                  example program executables
     |   +-- analog_io_rampup.py
     |   +-- digital_io_blink.py
     |   +-- gripper_action_client.py
     |   +-- gripper_cuff_control.py
     |   +-- gripper_joystick.py
     |   +-- gripper_keyboard.py
     |   +-- head_action_client.py
     |   +-- head_wobbler.py
     |   +-- ik_service_client.py
     |   +-- joint_position_file_playback.py
     |   +-- joint_position_joystick.py
     |   +-- joint_position_keyboard.py
     |   +-- joint_position_waypoints.py
     |   +-- joint_recorder.py
     |   +-- joint_torque_springs.py
     |   +-- joint_trajectory_client.py
     |   +-- joint_trajectory_file_playback.py
     |   +-- joint_velocity_puppet.py
     |   +-- joint_velocity_wobbler.py
     |   +-- navigator_io.py
     |   +-- send_urdf_fragment.py
     |   +-- xdisplay_image.py
     |
     +-- launch/                                   example program launch scripts
     |   +-- gripper_action_client.launch
     |   +-- gripper_joystick.launch
     |   +-- joint_position_joystick.launch
     |   +-- joint_trajectory_client.launch
     |   +-- joint_trajectory_file_playback.launch
     |
     +-- src/                                      baxter_examples api
     |   +-- baxter_examples/                      example classes
     |   +-- baxter_external_devices/              external device classes
     |
     +-- share/                                    shared example program resources
     |
     +-- cfg/                                      dynamic reconfigure example configs


Other Baxter Repositories
-------------------------

+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter           | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter           |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_interface | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_interface |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_tools     | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_tools     |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_common    | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_common    |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_pykdl     | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_pykdl     |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| baxter_simulator | https://github.com/RethinkRobotics/baxter_simulator |
+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

Latest Release Information
--------------------------

http://sdk.rethinkrobotics.com/wiki/Release-Changes
